Update report-monitor-microsoft-defender-antivirus.md (#11306)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/report-monitor-microsoft-defender-antivirus.md

Microsoft Defender Antivirus is built into Windows 10, Windows 11, Windows Server 2019, Windows Server 2022, and Windows Server 2016. Microsoft Defender Antivirus is of your next-generation protection in Microsoft Defender for Endpoint. Next-generation protection helps protect your devices from software threats like viruses, malware, and spyware across email, apps, the cloud, and the web.

> With Microsoft Defender Antivirus, you have several options for reviewing protection status and alerts. You can use Microsoft Configuration Manager to [monitor Microsoft Defender Antivirus](/configmgr/protect/deploy-use/monitor-endpoint-protection) or [create email alerts](/configmgr/protect/deploy-use/endpoint-configure-alerts). Or, you can monitor protection using [Microsoft Intune](/intune/introduction-intune). When endpoints are onboarded to Defender for Endpoint, alerts are visible in the Microsoft 365 Defender [unified alert and incident queues](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/defender/incident-queue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Microsoft Defender Antivirus, you have several options for reviewing protection status and alerts. You can use Microsoft Configuration Manager to [monitor Microsoft Defender Antivirus](/configmgr/protect/deploy-use/monitor-endpoint-protection) or [create email alerts](/configmgr/protect/deploy-use/endpoint-configure-alerts). Or, you can monitor protection using [Microsoft Intune](/intune/introduction-intune). When endpoints are onboarded to Defender for Endpoint, alerts are visible in Microsoft 365 Defender [unified alert and incident queues](/microsoft-365/security/defender/incident-queue).

```

> Within the Microsoft 365 Defender portal, reporting is also available for MDE onboarded endpoints accross platforms that include AV Engine version, Security Intelligence versions and MDAV Platform versions via the [Device Health Reports](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/device-health-reports)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the Microsoft 365 Defender portal, reporting is also available for MDE onboarded endpoints across platforms that include AV Engine versions, Security Intelligence versions, and MDAV Platform versions via [Device Health reports](/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/device-health-reports).
```
